Add "Pass parameters to tests" (#28)
DevExpress/testcafe-examples: examples/pass-parameters-to-tests/README.md

# Pass Parameters to Tests

**Test Code**: [index.js](index.js)

> This example demonstrates how to pass parameters to TestCafe tests from the following sources:

Author: > This example demonstrates how to pass parameters to TestCafe tests. The parameter values can be obtained from the following sources:

> This example demonstrates how to pass parameters to TestCafe tests. The parameter values can be obtained from the following sources:

Author: > You can obtain the parameter values from the following sources...

* a JSON configuration file
* a JavaScript object
* an environment variable

> Before the tests, the `.json` and `.js` configuration files are imported with JavaScript [import](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import) syntax. The environment variable is declared with the [process.env](https://nodejs.org/api/process.html#process_process_env) property. These values are then available inside tests.

Author: > Before test execution, the parameters were obtained: two are read from `.json` and `.js` files with an [import](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import) statement, the third is set as an environment variable with the [process.env](https://nodejs.org/api/process.html#process_process_env) property.

> Before the test execution, two parameters are loaded from the `.json` and `.js` files with an [import](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import) statement. The third parameter is set as an environment variable with the [process.env](https://nodejs.org/api/process.html#process_process_env) property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before test execution, two parameters are loaded from the `.json` and `.js` files with an [import](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import) statement. The third parameter is set as an environment variable with the [process.env](https://nodejs.org/api/process.html#process_process_env) property.
```

> Before test execution, the parameters are obtained. Two of them are loaded from `.json` and `.js` files with an [import](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import) statement, the third is set as an environment variable with the [process.env](https://nodejs.org/api/process.html#process_process_env) property.

Author: edited

> For each test, a `test.page` method call with an appropriate parameter sets the initial page. A `clientFunction` obtains the [File URL](https://nodejs.org/api/url.html#url_url_pathtofileurl_path) of the current page. The `t.expect.eql` method compares this value to the full path calculated based on the specified parameter.

Reviewer 2: > For each test, a `test.page` method call with an appropriate parameter sets the initial page.

a method call with a parameter sets... that's a bit hard to parse... Maybe we can simplify:

*For each test, the `test.page` method sets the initial page. The page URL is passed as its parameter. Then, a client function obtains the [File URL](https://nodejs.org/api/url.html#url_url_pathtofileurl_path) of the current page, and the `t.expect.eql` method compares this value to the full path calculated based on the specified parameter.*

Joined the last two sentences together to avoid too many short phrases.

Author: I agree. Except:

> For each test, the test.page method sets the initial page. The page URL is passed as its **parameter**. Then, a client function obtains the File URL of the current page, and the t.expect.eql method compares this value to the full path calculated based on the **specified parameter**.

It sounds like we talk about the same parameter, doesn't it? But they are not the same:

> test.page(parameter1) vs getFullFilePath(parameter2)

Author: edited

> For each test, the `test.page` method sets the initial page. The page URL is passed as its parameter. Then, a `clientFunction` obtains the [File URL](https://nodejs.org/api/url.html#url_url_pathtofileurl_path) of the current page, and the `t.expect.eql` method compares this value to the full path calculated based on the specified parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `test.page` method sets the initial page f or each test. The page URL is passed as its parameter. Then, a `clientFunction` obtains the [File URL](https://nodejs.org/api/url.html#url_url_pathtofileurl_path) of the current page, and the `t.expect.eql` method compares this value to the full path calculated based on the specified parameter.
```

> During each of the tests, the `test.page` method reads one of these values to decide the page where the test starts. A `clientFunction` that is declared before the tests begin obtains the full URL of the current page. The `t.expect.eql` method compares this value to the full path to the file that the configuration file or the environment variable specified.

Reviewer 3: For each test, the initial page is set by calling to the [test.page](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/test-api/test/page.html) method with appropriate parameter.

Author: > For each test, a `test.page` method call with an appropriate parameter sets the initial page. A `clientFunction` that is declared before the tests begin obtains the full URL of the current page. The `t.expect.eql` method compares this value to the full path to the file that the configuration file or the environment variable specified.

> 

Reviewer 3: The `t.expect.eql` method compares this value to the full path calculated based on parameter.

Author: > The `t.expect.eql` method compares this value to the full path calculated based on the specified parameter.
